TensorFlow

TensorFlow works like a computational library for writing new algorithms that involve a large number of tensor operations, since neural networks can be easily expressed as computational graphs they can be implemented using TensorFlow as a series of operations on Tensors. Plus, tensors are N-dimensional matrices which represent your data.
Features of TensorFlow:-
Flexible
Open Source
Easily Trainable
Responsive Construct

Numpy

Numpy is considered as one of the most popular machine learning library in Python. TensorFlow and other libraries uses Numpy internally for performing multiple operations on Tensors. Array interface is the best and the most important feature of Numpy.
Features of Numpy:-
Interactive
Mathematics
Intuitive

Panda
Pandas is a machine learning library in Python that provides data structures of high-level and a wide variety of tools for analysis. One of the great feature of this library is the ability to translate complex operations with data using one or two commands. Pandas have so many inbuilt methods for grouping, combining data, and filtering, as well as time-series functionality.

Features of Panda:-
Re-indexing
Iteration
Sorting
Aggregations
Concatenations
Visualizations 

PyTorch


PyTorch is the largest machine learning library that allow developers to perform tensor computations wan ith acceleration of GPU, creates dynamic computational graphs, and calculate gradients automatically. Other than this, PyTorch offers rich APIs for solving application issues related to neural networks.
Features of PyTorch:-
Hybrid Front-End
Distributed Training
Libraries And Tools

SciPy

SciPy is a machine learning library for application developers and engineers. However, you still need to know the difference between SciPy library and SciPy stack. SciPy library contains modules for optimization, linear algebra, integration, and statistics.
Features of SciPy:-
Optimization, 
Numerical integration 
Submodules 

Keras


Keras is considered as one of the coolest machine learning libraries in Python. It provides an easier mechanism to express neural networks. Keras also provides some of the best utilities for compiling models, processing data-sets, visualization of graphs, and much more.

Features of Keras:-

Runs smoothly (CPU and GPU)
Modular
Expressive
Flexible
Easy debugging
Supports neural network models (fully connected, convolutional, pooling, recurrent, embedding)

Steps to install any new library:-
Using the Jupyter notebook and want to install a package with pip and conda
Install a package with pip
import sys
!{sys.executable} -m pip install numpy
Install a package with conda
import sys
!conda install --yes --prefix {sys.prefix} numpy



Import NumPy and Check Version
The command to import numpy is 
import numpy as np	
Above code renames the Numpy namespace to np. This permits us to prefix Numpy function, methods, and attributes with " np " instead of typing " numpy." It is the standard shortcut you will find in the numpy literature
To check your installed version of Numpy use the command
print (np.__version__)



